---
title: The Fight for Freedom
description: Book One of the Alien Invasion Saga
---
**The Fight for Freedom**

**Book One of the Alien Invasion Saga**

## Overview

The age old question about whether or not we are alone in the universe
has been answered definitively. Aliens have arrived on Earth and they
aren’t here to share their vast knowledge or to teach us to live in
peace. Quite the opposite.

It came to pass that in the year 2011 we humans discovered that we were
not alone.

Unfortunately at the same time we also discovered that we are not the
only ones who have a penchant for war.

An alien race called the Dinarri swooped down over an unprepared Earth
and blasted most of the worlds military facilities, as well as hundreds
of small cities, into ash. They then proceeded to assault and occupy the
larger cities, rounding up prisoners and shipping them off-planet as
they went, for use as slave labour.

This move was supposed to crush the spirit of the Terrans...

It failed. It’s time humans taught these aliens what war is really all
about.

Journey to a world on the brink of destruction, a world very much like
our own, a world with the same places and people, a world that could
very well become our own.

##  What Has Gone Before

It has been the belief of many that in 1947 an alien craft crash landed
near a small town in New Mexico called Roswell. Furthermore, it is
purported that the United States government was a party to the cover up
of this incident. Popular belief almost had it right.

As is the case with many things, the truth is sometimes stranger than
fiction.

An extra-terrestrial craft did in fact crash land near Roswell in 1947.
It had no little green men inside of it though. It was in fact an
unmanned probe. The strangest part though was evidence that seemed to
indicate that it had been manufactured on Earth... though the technology
involved was far beyond anything even being theorized in the day.

The military technicians and scientists struggled to understand the
device. But it might as well have been manufactured by aliens... a few
technological breakthroughs were a result of the work done on the probe,
but little more was discovered.

A super secret organization, known only as Majestic, was formed to
continue studying the probe. Only a handful of people in the US military
and government knew of it’s existence. For the most part it operated
outside of regular government or military hierarchies. Funding was
provided through dummy corporations, and later through the patenting and
sale of technologies developed from study of the probe.

In the 1970’s computer technology was sophisticated enough to allow
Majestic to truly interface with the probe and download the data
contained in it’s memory banks. The only definite thing that could be
gleaned from the probe was its mission and the circumstances leading to
its having been deployed. And the fact that it had been manufactured
sometime in Earth’s future... how it had travelled back in time was a
mystery.

The probe was designed to scout deep space for the whereabouts of an
alien life form, and to report back to Earth on it’s findings. The alien
life form in question seemed to be hostile to Earth and quite possibly
had once invaded the planet. In addition there were hints that humanity
was assisted in their fight against these invaders by a third race,
obviously allied with Earth.

With this discovery the leaders of Majestic realized that they would
have to alter their initial mandate. They could no longer just study the
artefact that had been recovered in the crash, it was clearly that their
duty to prepare Earth for the coming invasion. Though they had no idea
exactly when that would take place.

While Majestic slowly prepared humanity for a coming invasion several
questions kept being asked. Who where the alien invaders? Where did they
come from? When would the invasion take place? And who was the third
race hinted at in the probes memories? And could they be found in time
to be of assistance?

The other alien race for which the Terrans were desperately searching
was in fact a race of pacifists. Which was a part of their downfall;
that and the fact that their planet resided in the same star system as
the race of invaders.

The invaders where known as the Dinarri. They evolved on a desert world
with an oxygen atmosphere with a slightly higher than Earth normal
gravity. Their most prominent feature was their seeming lack of patience
and the way they revelled in violence.

The Dinarri were a headstrong, impatient, short tempered, and violent
race. Their history is full of blood feuds, riots, wars, and mass
murder. In fact in the end only one of the many ‘races’ of Dinarri
survived. So in the end the entire planet was united under one ruler.

This was when they looked to the stars to satisfy their thirst for blood
and conquest.

Inevitably their eyes found their neighbours the Rakarri.

It took many centuries for the Dinarri to achieved space flight, and it
was many decades after that before they were able to conquer the Rakarri
home world. They did this with technology roughly equivalent to that
achieved by the USA in the 1970’s.

The fact that the Rakarri were pacifists made the whole campaign
practical with that level of technology. The Rakarri were scientifically
more advanced than the Dinarri, but their nature’s were more inward
turned and so they had not even thought that life beyond their planet
might exist. Coupled with the fact that the concept of war was utterly
foreign to their peaceful society and you can see why they had not
thought to prepare for an invasion.

Having conquered the Rakarri, the invaders quickly saw an advantage to
keeping the scientifically inclined beings around as slaves. After only
a few Earth-decades the Rakarri had become a vital part of the Dinarri
civilization. The Rakarri were so much better at pursuits that the
Dinarri found distasteful, such as research and development, designing
and repairing the infrastructure of the Empire. They were delegated to
perform these tasks for their masters with direction from an overseer.

This left the majority of the Dinarri race to do what it did best,
prepare for their next wave of violence.

The Rakarri handled all technical and scientific jobs including:
medicine, design and manufacturing, engineering, architecture,
accounting, and all other menial labours. While nearly all Dinarri were
either overseers, soldiers or construction workers (while they disliked
the brainy pursuits of actually designing things, the Dinarri take a
perverse delight in creating weapons of destruction).

The Dinarri were impatient to find another race to conquer and enslave
(and the Emperor was even more so, since he didn’t think he could hold
his minions in check for long without another target to aim them at).
They had their Rakarri slaves build probes to launch out into the galaxy
and report on any promising targets.

Within a couple of decades the first batch of reports started to come
in. The surrounding star systems didn’t seem to contain any planets with
life on them. This was a great disappointment to the Dinarri.

Just when the strain of relative peace almost became to much for the
Dinarri to bear, a favourable report was received indicating that a
planet had been found several light years away that supported life. And
by the reports not just any life, but sentient life. Primitive yes, but
with definite indications of culture.

Initial probes could pick up no major energy emissions coming from the
planet and no artificial satellites in orbit. The Dinarri finally had a
target to launch the colossal invasion fleet that they had been building
during the search.

They plotted their intercept course towards the target planet. A
blue-white world that the inhabitants liked to call Earth...

##  Here and Now

Deep space scans showed a large spatial anomaly heading into the Solar
system. But Terran astronomers weren’t worried, mostly they were just
curious. After all, the anomaly wasn’t going to pass anywhere near
Earth. But it was going to come close enough to get some very good
observations of it.

As the anomaly got closer to Earth, more and more scientists became
interested in the stellar mass. The object was difficult to track, it
seemed to partially absorb light and other radiation, almost as if it
was a singularity or micro black hole.

A deep space probe that had just done a scan of Jupiter was redirected
to intercept the approaching mass. After several months of holding their
breathes the scientists on Earth prepared to have get a closer look at
the mass as the probe closed within range of its sensors.

Initial scans revealed nothing conclusive. The composition of the object
was unattainable and its size was indeterminate. It was decided to
expend the rest of the probes fuel to send it in closer to the object.
There was a high probability that the probe would be sucked in by the
anomaly and be destroyed, but it was hoped that before that happened
some detailed information could be ascertained.

The probes new course was plotted and the world held its breathe in
anticipation of what it would reveal.

Some initial data started to flow in as the probe sped on its collision
course... high concentrations of metals, radiation emissions of an
unknown type, and some other strange readings...

Then the probe stopped sending data... the ground crews tried to
re-establish a link but to no avail. After analyzing the data no sign of
a system failure could be detected. It was concluded that a
micro-fragment had shattered the probe.

However there were a few who doubted this conclusion. They drew a
different conclusion from the evidence. Of course these few had
knowledge that was not well known. The members of Majestic concluded
that the long awaited threat was now rapidly approaching.

Over the decades Majestic had infiltrated all walks of life with its
members. It’s main mandate is to prepare Earth for invasion from an
unknown hostile extraterrestrial species. It has done this very
successfully and totally anonymously. Using movies and literature,
Majestic inundated modern culture with the idea of aliens invading
Earth.

As the 20th century came to a close Majestic was able to unravel some
more of the secrets concealed in the probe. They were able to ascertain
that the invasion would be by a race of aliens known as the Dinarri, and
that Earth could find an ally in the form of a race of aliens known as
the Rakarri.

The technology of the probe was not that much more advanced than what
Earth possessed at that moment; at least for the most part. So it was
that Majestic determined that the invasion could come at any time now.

It stepped up its influence on the movie and TV industries to create
more Sci-Fi shows and movies about aliens coming to Earth. They tried to
condition the public to want to fight against an invader, and not to be
stunned by the shock of it all.

The secondary goal of Majestic has been to accelerate the discovery of
new technology and weapons that could be used to detect and fight an
invading enemy force. Of course they were hampered by the necessity of
trying to keep humanity from annihilating itself with the advanced
weapons that were being developed.

For the most part Majestic has been successful in its mandates.

When the stellar object suddenly, and unnaturally, changed course and
started to decelerate most of the world jumped to the inevitable
conclusion. Aliens were out there and they were coming to Earth for a
little visit.

When the UFO’s course was extrapolated and it was found that a direct
intercept course with Earth was the most likely result there was no
doubt left in the military’s mind that an invasion was probable.

Of course this conclusion had been planted by Majestic for just such an
occurrence.

It was estimated that at their present velocity and deceleration the UFO
would reach Earth in just less than 3 months. Not a lot of time.

Unfortunately due to the Dinarri’s jamming systems, no one had
previously observed a fleet of smaller craft separating from the larger
mothership. So while it would be months before it reached Earth, the
other warships would be here much sooner.

At first the governments and military tried to keep the situation under
raps. But to many people had to know in order to prepare and so
inevitably rumours began to spread.

The UN was finally informed of the situation and was preparing to
broadcast a statement concerning the impending catastrophe, when
disaster struck.

The previously undetected advance force was visually spotted as it
crossed the moon’s orbit. The military’s of the world scrambled to setup
a defence, police and other emergency response units were put on high
alert.

If only the attack could have been delayed a few hours, but it was not
to be. The battleships lumbered into Earth orbit and began to drop
hundreds of shuttlecraft.

However all was not lost, military satellites in orbit suddenly
unleashed their deadly payloads: Multi-megaton nuclear missiles. Almost
two dozen of the invader’s cruisers and their host of landing craft were
vaporized before the rest of the fleet’s point defence systems could
react fast enough to destroy the rest of the missiles and the platforms
that had launched them. These relics of the Cold War had served a
purpose it’s creators had never suspected.

The alien fleet was just getting organized again when hundreds of
nuclear missiles streaked up from the planets surface to engage the
enemy. The aliens managed to destroy most of the incoming missiles this
time, but they still lost a couple of warships, and nearly a hundred
more troop shuttles, to this assault.

As the remaining landing craft entered the upper atmosphere, hastily
scrambled jet fighters roared into their teeth to harass them. Thousands
of human pilots died in that first melee, but again the alien’s suffered
losses. Many of their ships were badly holed and fell into uncontrolled
falls, in almost all cases the impact finished them off.

Unfortunately, the alien ships still kept coming. Low attitude aircraft
and helicopters engaged them now as they approached the Earth’s surface.
Ground batteries hammered away relentlessly.

Unprepared for the defence that they had encountered, the Dinarri were
briefly stunned; but once they shook that off they responded in kind.
The orbiting battleships began to bombard the planet, they vaporized the
pesky Earth craft and blasted ground emplacements to rubble. Earth’s air
forces were virtually destroyed and it’s ground emplacements and bases
burned to a crisp. The alien ships of the first wave finally made it to
the ground, mostly near the major cities, and their troops rolled forth
to meet the humans. Meanwhile a second wave of shuttles launched from
the ships in orbit.

But again the humans surprised the Dinarri. Airborne bombers held in
reserve began plastering the alien troops as soon as they hit the dirt.
Thousands were lost before the enemy could respond with anti-aircraft
fire and neutralize the new threat.

Then it was time for the land forces of the world to engage the assault
force. The forces of Earth really didn’t stand a chance though. But they
went down fighting and managed to take out more than their share of the
enemy. But waves and waves of them dropped from the skies, and when the
smoke finally cleared the armies of the world were badly bloodied.

They had held though. The remaining Dinarri forces retreated back into
orbit to lick their wounds. The battleships in orbit continued to blast
any target on the planet that looked to be a military one. This
continued for a tortuous month and more, and then the gigantic
mothership finally arrived in orbit. It spat thousands more shuttles to
combine with those that remained from the battleships. The pitiful
remaining forces of Earth tried to repulse them, but in most places they
failed. The aliens established beachheads and then the huge space
freighters dropped from orbit, each holding thousands of troops and
supplies.

The Dinarri forces marched into some of the largest cities of the world
and began to take their prisoners. The people of Earth fought back in
anyway they could, but the Dinarri forces had the upper hand. Hundreds
of thousands of people were herded onto the freighters that first day
and whisked away into space. With every return trip that the landing
craft made more alien troops were deposited and more humans were taken
away.

It is now some two years later and the Dinarri virtually conquered all
of the Earth. Small pockets of organized resistance remain in the most
inhospitable places and even in the midst of enemy occupied land
resistance groups are at work. Hundreds of millions were lost in the
initial confrontation, and millions more each year since then. The
majority of the remaining population is enslaved by the Dinarri and put
to work building their fortresses and providing them with raw materials.

Millions of Human’s were taken off world and set to work mining the
asteroid belts and other planets and moons of the system for their alien
masters. The conditions are brutal and attrition is high, but this is of
no importance the cruel alien conquerors. After all, their are millions
of replacements just waiting on Earth.

Is the salvation of Earth to be realized in this generations lifetime?
Where are the race known as the Rakarri, and can Majestic operatives
contact them and form an alliance? Only you can answer these
questions... prepare to enter the world of Alien Invasion!

##  Races

### Terrans

-   Otherwise known as humans, natives of the planet Earth (known also as Terra, or Terra Firma) located in the Solar system.

-   The Terrans are the defenders in this alternate reality. Their world has been invaded by the ruthless Dinarri Empire and they have been enslaved as workers.

### Dinarri

-   Natives of the planet Dinar located in the Epsilon Eridani system (or so it is called by human astronomers).

-   They have conquered and enslaved their neighbours the Rakarri and have now set their sights on Earth and its people.

### Rakarri

-   Natives of the planet Rakar also located in the Epsilon Eridani system.

-   They have been subjugated by the Dinarri for almost a century now,though they dream of their freedom, they are incapable of fightingfor it. However the Terrans may be the key to their salvation.

The Rakarri are an amorphous, amphibious amoeba-like lifeform with the
ability to morph into any form they desire. They possess psionic
abilities in the form of telepathy as well as an almost supernatural
technical ability, although they lack the imagination to make full use
of these talents.

In their natural form the Rakarri are nothing more than a giant blob,
however eons ago when they left the ocean the Rakarri developed the
ability to manipulate their bodies into other forms. They discovered
that by mimicking the shapes of other land animals they could more
easily adapt. So when necessary they can constrict and meld their forms
into any shape they desire. They found that on land a bipedal form
provided the most stable of working forms, so a roughly humanoid shape
is their favourite alternate form.

The Rakarri are native to a 0.98-G world that can best be described as a
lush greenhouse with over 90 percent of the surface covered in water and
an average temperature of 90 degrees. What dry land exists is heavily
forested and covered in other forms of tropical vegetation. They are
equally comfortable on land or water, though they prefer the natural
mobility that aquatic life affords so most of their cities are built
under or in the water.

#### Racial Template

The Rakarri have an IQ +2 (20 points), DX –1 (-10 points), ST –1 (-10
points), HT –1 (-10 points), and Move –1 (-5 points).

They have the **advantages** Gadgeteer “realistic” (25 points), Cultural
Adaptability (25 points), Eidetic Memory 1 (30 points), Reduced Sleep
(10 points), Amphibious (10 points), Doesn’t Breathe (20 points),
Extended Lifespan ´1 (5 points), Injury Tolerance – No Blood (5 points),
Injury Tolerance – No Brain (5 points), Injury Tolerance – No Neck (5
points), Injury Tolerance – No Vitals (5 points), Morph (40 points),
Pressure Support – 10 atmospheres (5 points), Regrowth (40 points), and
Cool (1 point).

They have the **disadvantages** Subjugated by the Dinarri (-20 points),
Invertebrate (-20 points), Fragile (-20 points), Self Destruct (-20
points), Pacifism: Self Defence Only (-15 points), Combat Paralysis (-15
points), Slow Eater (-10 points), Cyber-Rejection (-10 points), Low Pain
Threshold (-10 points), Sense of Duty to the Rakarri Race (-10 points),
Compulsive Generosity (-5 points), Easy to Read (-10 points),
Acceleration Weakness (-5 points), Strong Xenophilia (-15 points),
Charitable (-15 points), Curious (-5 points), Unusual Biochemistry (-5
points), Susceptibility to Poison (-5 points), Chummy (-5 points),
Humble (-1 point), Dull (-1 point), Alcohol Intolerance (-1 point),
Horrible Hangovers (-1 point), Like to Work (-1 point) and Attentive (-1
point).

In addition the Rakarri have innate Telepathic abilities (Power 8; 40
points), as well as the racially bestowed skills to use them: Telesend
skill at IQ (4 points), Telereceive skill at IQ-2 (1 point), Telescan
skill at IQ-2 (1 point), and Emotion Sense skill at IQ (4 points).

It costs 40 points to be a Rakarri.

#### Names

Since the primary mode of communication among the Rakarri is telepathy
they did not begin to use vocal speech until well after their discovery
of shape shifting. Once they discovered how to manipulate their physical
forms they soon learn to also form vocal cords to make audible noises.
Once this was achieved they learned how to add vocal utterances to
enhance their telepathic communication.

Hence a Rakarri has two names, a vocal one and a mental algorithm
describing their physical characteristics and mental personality, the
latter is transmitted telepathically the former vocal.

As such their telepathic names are incomprehensible to non-psionic races
and individuals, their audible names however are only slightly less
confusing. To the human ear they sound like high pitched squeaks and
whines, this is because they need to be transmitted as easily through
water as air.

When the Dinarri subjugated the Rakarri they forced them to adopt serial
numbers as names and made them form those serial numbers on their
foreheads. When the Rakarri defected to the human side they chose human
names for themselves, though their choices tend to be strange at best.

#### Psychology

The Rakarri are a peaceful, non-violent race by nature, if necessary
though they can defend themselves but it is psychologically traumatic
for them. They are an unassuming charitable race that is most at ease
when in groups as opposed to being by their selves. They are calm under
most forms of pressure except in situations of combat and other
violence, in these situations they tend to freeze up.

Because of the rigid control needed to hold alternate forms their body
language tends to betray their true intentions thus making it difficult
for them to lie successfully.

They are very fascinated and attracted by strangers and aliens, no
matter how dangerous or frightening. They also possess an instinctive
curiosity and are compulsively charitable. This deadly combination
combined with their innate pacifism made it nearly impossible for them
to resist the Dinarri takeover of their world. However it does give them
an instinctive ability to get along with everybody, no matter how
culturally, physically or psychologically alien.

This cultural adaptability combined with their unassuming and charitable
natures as well as their shape shifting abilities and preference for
working in groups allows them to fit into other cultures almost
perfectly.

All Rakarri possess a limited degree of photographic memory and a
natural facility with machines and other technical pursuits. This makes
the natural inventors, scientists, and technicians. However they possess
and imagination below the human norm, so are not able to fully utilize
the gift that nature gave them.

All Rakarri are guided by a strong sense of duty to their own race and
its preservation. Because of this and their high social solidarity
(which results in low individuality) it is common for individual Rakarri
to sacrifice their lives for the benefit of the group. They strongly
believe in the survival of the many outweighing the needs of the few.

Rakarri art is bizarre by both human and Dinarri standards, their
sculptures and paintings are convoluted collages of confusing lattices
and matrices, their poetry and prose is filled with elaborate mind games
and word problems. By Rakarri rating standards the average human mystery
novel is nothing more than children’s primer.

Crime among the Rakarri is totally unheard of due to their telepathic
natures, high social solidarity, charitable tendencies, and sense of
duty to their race. Although this did not stop them from forming a
secret underground to resist their Dinarri masters after they had been
subjugated. They will utilize criminal behavior if it does not go
against the well being of their social group. In their quiet resistance
of the Dinarri the Rakarri have stolen from, lied to, cheated, and even
murdered their slave masters.

The Rakarri have no real intense religion of any kind. Their only semi
religious belief is in that of ‘The Great Circle’. Simply put, they
believe that when an individual dies their component particles are
recycled to provide life for other species and individuals. While this
is a highly scientific and rational belief it conveys no awe or mystical
element. Because of this they feel no need to push their beliefs on to
others.

#### Ecology

The Rakarri home world is a lovely water world, with a greenhouse
climate and shallow oceans.

The Rakarri are the highest form of life on their planet, no other
native life form has even evolved anything close to a rudimentary
intelligence. The Rakarri have no predators, in fact there are very few
carnivorous creatures on their planet at all. For the most part native
life is herbivorous, although the Rakarri are omnivorous as are several
other animals. Although they are omnivorous the Rakarri have simplistic
digestive systems. To feed they must return to their natural states and
immerse themselves in a plankton rich fluid, from that the absorbent
their nutritional material through osmosis.

The Rakarri require very little sleep, only about 7 hours in a standard
Earth Week However, because of the nature of their feeding they required
six hours every day to eat. But during this time they can perform some
other simplistic tasks such as listening to vocal reports, reading, and
conversing with other individuals. The Rakarri feeding is often a source
of amusement for humans as it appears to be nothing more than swimming
around in oversized fish tanks eating goldfish food. In fact the
consistency of processed Rakarri food is just that, fish food.

The Rakarri descended from single celled amoeba. Over the aeons they
have gradually graduated towards the land, but they are still a fully
amphibious lifeform, equally at home on land and in the water. Because
of this evolution they have developed a resistance to the intense
pressures in the depths of their oceans as well as the ability to
separate and absorb oxygen from the surrounding medium. This makes it
impossible for them to be strangled.

Additionally they have no central brain or nervous system, instead their
consciousness and muscular control are scattered throughout their
bodies. This makes it nearly impossible to make it hit on their brains
or other vital organs. Unfortunately because of this the different nodes
must vote on response to any given situation, much like a computer
network. This results in a somewhat slow reaction time and occasional
clumsiness compared to humans. The Rakarri and not rely upon a vital
bodily fluid for survival (like blood) and so never have to make the
leading roles. However as a side effect of this the body’s immune system
is not as durable as the average humans are. They are especially
susceptible to poisons, although not blood borne ones.

But because of their amorphous nature they have the ability to regrow
any lost parts. It may take days or months but a hacked off limb will go
back.

One of the most baffling aspects of the Rakarri is how they see and
hear. As it turns out the entire surface of their bodies are extremely
sensitive to tactile, auditory, and visual stimuli. This makes it
impossible to “poke a Rakarri’s eye out” but they can still be blinded,
at least partially, by bright light.

They can be deafened just as easily as humans can, although it is not
permanent as it mainly results in a temporary shock to their nervous
systems. Unfortunately this large surface area that is receptive to
external stimuli makes them intolerant to sudden acceleration and other
applications of rapid g-forces.

Because their bodies or so unusual their reaction to drugs and other
chemicals intended for humans can be unpredictable. It has been
discovered, to their embarrassment, that they suffer some extreme
reactions to alcohol. In human terms there any the epitome of cheap
drunks with horrible hangovers.

It is important to note that the current state of life on the Rakarri
home planet is very young. A series of meteor impacts utterly destroyed
the previous life that had evolved on the planet, much as a similar
catastrophe once destroyed the dinosaurs on earth. In the galactic
scheme of things the Rakarri are young race, the modern adaptation of
the race appeared only 15,000 years ago. They developed writing and
agriculture roughly 8,000 years ago. It is important to note that while
the Rakarri evolved technologically faster overall than humans did, they
have slowed down significantly in their progress since attaining their
Industrial Revolution stage. Meanwhile, since its industrial revolution
humanity has steadily accelerated in its technological achievements.

The Rakarri mating practices are quite unusual by most standards.
Individuals have no discernible sex, and so do not feel the biological
urge to form partnerships. They do however have the biological urge to
procreate. When this urge sets upon them they will search out a
compatible mating partner and then proceed to consume excessive amounts
of food to increase their mass by up to 30 percent. After both partners
have reached this threshold they will begin the mating ritual, which
must be done in an aquatic environment. This stage of mating can take up
to several hours and involves both beings to bond, and then both split,
leaving their excess joined together as a single new being.

While both parents will take an active role in raising their child they
are not the sole parents.

Instead the community raises all children, and while they acknowledge
their biological parents, the children are not encouraged to feel any
more strongly about them than they do to their other elders.

The Rakarri way of life is very much a communal one, which explains
their high racial solidarity and can even be stretched to explain their
welcoming and fascination of strangers. In a Rakarri community with
their innate telepathic abilities a stranger would be a welcome source
of novelty and diversity.

The Rakarri have an extended life span compared to humans, they reach
physical and mental maturity at age 36 (in human years), and begin aging
at age 100. At this point the individual will be in a rapid decline into
infirmity and then death, they must make aging roles everyday (at a –3
to HT) as their organs and immune system self-destruct. After reaching
age 100 it is very rare for a Rakarri to survive more than a week or
two. Thus they find it very difficult to comprehend the geriatrics of
humanity. The Rakarri view the slow and steady torture of aging that
human’s must endure with great remorse. Thus they have made it their
secret goal to find a cure for this malady that afflicts their newfound
allies.

#### Politics

Rakarri’s politics are an example of the perfect implementation of
democracy. Every citizen, even children who have not reached maturity,
gets a vote on important decisions. This can be implemented due to their
telepathic nature. In fact they come close in many ways to duplicating a
hive mind environment, at least they did before the Dinarri subjugated
them. However since that time, for reasons of security, the Rakarri
resistance has needed to restrict the access of information and making
of decisions to a select few. However, those few are still selected
democratically by the people as a whole.

The Rakarri have a very lax justice system, punishment for aberrant
behavior among their own kind is restricted to a shunning of the
individual by their peers. This is very effective among their own kind
but when dealing with criminals of other races they have no concept of
where to begin. At this point though this problem has not really
occurred, unless one counts invasion by the Dinarri.

##  Organizations

After the invasion force had fully occupied Earth and the rest of the
Solar system there are only three forces that remain that can be
considered large enough to be classified as organizations. These are
Majestic, the Unified Naval Forces of Earth (also known as the UNFE, or
“The Navy”), and of course the occupational forces of the Dinarri
Empire.

### Majestic

Having prepared for such an invasion, Majestic was well able to sustain
it’s chain of command throughout the initial assault and into the
occupation. It’s forces are split into “cells” spread out across the
world and even among the space labour forces. It’s main mission is to
attempt to add some coordination to the widespread guerrilla resistance
forces.

Knowing that it would eventually come down to this, Majestic stockpiled
hidden caches of weapons, food, and other supplies in preparation for
the drawn out conflict.

Among it’s operatives are many strike teams, assassin’s and spies.
However the bulk of it’s forces are logistics and engineering personnel
who seek to aid any force trying to combat the invaders. It is rumoured
that they have secret fortified bases with science staff’s attempting to
puzzle through the alien technology in hopes of using it against the
Dinarri.

They continue to try to make contact with the third race of aliens they
believe could be their allies in this fight. There have been many
reports of a species that is obviously different from the Dinarri, but
which is a part of their forces sometimes. To date however no successful
contact has been made with this other race to determine if they could be
the allies the Earth desperately needs.

### The Navy

The Dinarri’s world is dry and parched, though accustomed to the large
oceans of the Rakarri’s home world, the Dinarri forces cannot truly
comprehend the tactical significance of such large bodies of water.
Although they destroyed many naval ships in the initial invasion they
always seemed to turn a blind eye to them if they weren’t actually
showing hostile intent.

Realizing that the forces of Earth had fallen, and noticing the enemies
blindside to water power, the navies of the world pulled back and
regrouped. Agents from Majestic worked hard to convince the naval forces
of the world to unite and provide support for the resistance forces on
the land. And thus the UNFE or Unified Naval Forces of Earth was formed.

Over the past couple years the UNFE has been responsible for many bold
surprise attacks that came just when ground forces needed support.
Battleships and other large warships provided much needed artillery
support, aircraft carriers where able to deploy air support at key
moments, transports and their escorts were able to deploy troops where
the Dinarri did not expect it. Time and again the Dinarri showed a major
psychological weakness to the concept and uses of naval power, and as
such it is still a force to be reckoned with today.

That is not to say they haven’t taken losses. Since the unification they
have lost over 60% of their forces. Most of what remains today are the
submersible vehicles which the Dinarri don’t even seem to suspect exist,
even though they have caused some of their nastiest surprises.

The Main bases of operation for the Navy are the islands of Hawaii, New
Zealand, Dominican Republic, and Iceland, as well as the continent of
Antarctica. Here are the last remaining repair and supply stations for
the great naval ships of the world. The Dinarri seem to totally dismiss
the strategic value of these small or inhospitable locations, but they
act as perfect staging grounds for naval ships.

### The Dinarri Empire

Composed of the Dinarri and their Rakarri slaves, the forces of the
Empire have completely occupied Earth and effectively control the rest
of the star system as well. The Dinarri warriors are constantly
frustrated by the continued resistance of the Human’s, almost as
frustrated as they were surprised to discover that in the time since
their probe scouted their world Human’s had advanced to a level of
technology almost equal to their own!

While the Dinarri warriors deeply respect the tenacity of their foes,
they do not respect their foes themselves. They see the Human’s as
sub-creatures, not worthy of their attention, and thus they constantly
underestimate their opponents even when they should know better.

The fact that the Rakarri have been trying, covertly, to hinder the
Dinarri is not helping either, though the Dinarri have not discovered
this duplicity yet.

With the Mothership in high Earth orbit, and a force of cruisers
surrounding the planet in low Earth orbit the Empire effectively has
total air superiority. They can drop troops and fire support anywhere on
the world in a few minutes notice. However most of their planet side
forces are to arrogant to call in this support until they realize they
desperately need it, and this is usually when the Human forces fade back
into the wilderness, which causes no end of frustration to the Dinarri
warriors.

## Combat & Tactics

There are only two fighting races out of the three in the known
universe, and neither of them are the Rakarri. Psychologically incapable
of being effective in combat they will forever be relegated to the
sidelines, and so this section deals with only the differences between
Dinarri and Terran mindsets when it comes to battle.

First, it is important to realize that the Dinarri are a very aggressive
race, almost to aggressive. It is sometimes puzzling as to why they
hadn’t long since wiped themselves out millennia ago. Though possibly
they just aren’t imaginative to have developed any true weapons of mass
destruction like the humans have. In combat it is important to note that
most Dinarri will eventually go into a rage (whether they are winning or
losing) and thus destroy any carefully laid plans they might have. Their
response to this is not to even really bother. To them the only major
tactic is to pick the target, and throw as many warriors as possible at
it. Up until they encountered Earth it had always worked, so they didn’t
think much about it.

The Earthlings have caused the Dinarri to reassess many things when it
comes to combat. For instance, while they used explosives to destroy
enemy fortifications and blast large objects, it had never occurred to
them that you could use them as anything other than demolitions. The
concept of the simple hand grenade psychologically had no favour with
them, they much preferred to get to close range with their targets and
personally dispatch them. Because the grenade never occurred to them
things like infantry support artillery, missiles, mobile cannon, grenade
launchers, rockets, and bombers just never occurred to them. In fact the
very concept of these devices is repugnant to the Dinarri psyche. They
barely see the need for orbital bombardment, and only the incredible
resistance of the human race has even caused them to use it. The
armaments of their star ships are not very effective at orbital
bombardment (they are optimized for ship to ship), but the sheer weight
of fire they can concentrate on a target pretty much guarantees that
when they do use it everything in the target area is virtually wiped
out.

Because Dinarri prefer to get right into the thick of it in battle they
much prefer the use of hand weapons such as swords and such. Guns are
just an opener for them, once combat begins they strive to get into
point blank range as quick as possible. This is disconcerting to humans
who, for obvious reasons, prefer to take their opponents out at extreme
range. Thus human weapons tend to have high accuracy compared to Dinarri
weapons, and you won’t really be able to find anything longer ranged
than a carbine in the Dinarri’s arsenal. Comparatively the humans enjoy
taking their invaders out at extreme range. High powered rifles, rocket
launchers, and artillery are all the preferred form of resistance. Since
this is so the Dinarri have learned that they are never truly safe, they
view the ease at which the humans are able to pick them off at range,
without being previously detected, downright disconcerting.

Bodies of water bigger than a small pond were not common on the Dinarri
home world, in fact the largest body of water on the planet is laughably
small compared to the average lake on Earth. As such sea power was never
and issue with the Dinarri. When they invaded the Rakarri (whose planet
is even more watery than Earth) they weren’t sure what to make of it. In
fact they constantly underestimate the Rakarri’s total population by an
factor of at least a hundred because they psychologically can’t consider
that the Rakarri primarily live underwater. Even though the Rakarri’s
world is mostly one giant ocean they don’t build floating vessels or
platforms of any kind. The Rakarri primarily live under the water, if
they need to be above land for some reason they will use a convenient
island, and thus the Dinarri don’t see all that water as a strategic
resource. Which is definitely to bad for them, because the humans have
been ruthlessly utilizing it as such for most of their history. Time and
again they just don’t even bother scanning the surfaces of the oceans
for threats, even though intellectually they have learned that the
humans can deploy devastating strikes from their surface (it hasn’t
occurred to them yet what might be going on below the surface).

And thus the era of the great battleship has returned to Earth.
Previously rendered obsolete in Earth’s petty squabbles they have again
become the major powers of the sea. The Dinarri deploy complex,
automated antiaircraft platforms that will take out all airborne targets
that are more than a hundred or so feet off the ground, and they have a
range of several miles. So the aircraft carrier and submarine launched
missiles have been rendered nearly useless in all but the most carefully
planned attack. The battleship however has come into it’s own again. The
Dinarri just don’t consider something floating on the water to be a
threat, and they can’t even imagine the force a floating fortress can
exert. Time and again the mighty cannon of these great ships, the
descendents of Dreadnought, have lofted their stupendous payloads to
smash the forces of the invaders miles and miles away. Every time the
Dinarri have been stunned speechless and at an utter loss as to where
the devastating rain of fire came from. This success has led many humans
to wonder what could be achieved were they to build submersible
battleships...

Several other subtle differences mark the combat between Human and
Dinarri. The Dinarri are an extremely proud race, as such they do not
like to admit any kind of physical weakness. They find honour in
demonstrating how far they can march wearing their heavy armour and
carrying their heavy weapons. Admittedly Earth’s gravity is
significantly lighter than what they are used to, however this goes
quickly to their heads and makes them feel even more arrogant than is
even their norm. On the flip side the humans have realized that in a lot
of situations personal body armour is only an impediment, and while
marching is a necessity of war, there are faster means of transport
available. So will have themselves dropped miles outside of their target
area and march the rest of the way in, the humans prefer to use armoured
personnel carriers and other ground vehicles to get them quickly to the
edge of combat, and engage from there. This allows the Terran’s to
execute hit and run strikes that the Dinarri consider uncanny. A force
of humans will engage one of their bases, and then fade into cover, only
for another force to appear many miles away not long after and stage
another attack. To the Dinarri this seems like the work of multiple
elements of a much larger force, the Human’s meanwhile just can’t
understand how the Dinarri can be so gullible.

And gullible they are, and in more ways than one. Leaving aside the fact
that the Rakarri have been hiding their true numbers and full extent of
their technologies from their Dinarri masters for centuries, they still
manage to fall for most ploys that even the greenest human tactician
would see as obvious. It’s just not in their nature to be sneaky, they
are a forceful and direct race, deception and subtly are not part of
their mental makeup. Espionage is mostly unused by them, and as such
they don’t fully consider it’s benefit. Human special op forces find it
painfully easy to infiltrate most Dinarri outposts, and many a small
garrison has vanished in the rippling detonation of well planted C4.
Meanwhile the Rakarri see the deception that the Humans practise and
rejoice in their hearts that their cruel overlords might have finally
met their match.

## Technology

### Overview

The technology of the Alien Invasion universe is limited by the “Hard
Science” rules found on GURPS Ultra-Tech 2, page 6. The “Real Life
Ultratech” section on page 12 of Ultra-Tech 2 is also in effect. In
addition the different races have several differences in their relative
tech levels, as outlined below.

### The Dinarri

The Dinarri are an old species, much older than humans and ancient
compared to the Rakarri. Their technological progress has been painfully
slow compared to the other races though. Mostly because in the past they
spent so much time fighting each other. Humans have achieved many
technological advances through war, but in the case of the Dinarri it
wasn’t nations warring it was small cities or clans. And they were
always short, bloody and very final. This kind of conflict was not
conducive to scientific breakthroughs... not when Dinarri scientists
were more likely to kill each other than argue over a difference of
opinion.

Gradually though, they managed to get past several hundred Dark Ages and
achieve a level of technology roughly equivalent to the late Industrial
Age on Earth. Most of this is due to the fact that one tyrannical leader
finally achieved a dictatorship over a large segment of the race, and
then proceeded to systematically annihilate all opposition.

The Emperor, as he proclaimed himself, and his descendants were
fascinated with life beyond their own planet. They also seemed to
possess an unusually high level of imagination for their race.
Unfortunately for the rest of the galaxy their dreams where bent on
discovering new life so that they could conquer and enslave it, or
failing that hunt it for sport. So it was that the Dinarri were driven
to attain a level of technology sufficient to thrust them into space.

And when they discovered that there was another planet in their star
system that had life, they redoubled their efforts. Upon conquering
their Rakarri neighbours they were able to increase their technological
level dramatically by claiming the skills and achievements of the
brilliant Rakarri.

When the Dinarri conquered the Rakarri they were at approximately TL7 in
most areas with the exception of medicine and life sciences. Their
medical technology was backward, at best it was low TL6 but in most
cases was only TL5!

### The Rakarri

As a sentient species the Rakarri are actually much younger than Humans
(which means they are very young by comparison to the Dinarri), however
their ability to brilliantly devise new theories and cobble together
prototypes has given them the jump technologically on the other two
races.

Unfortunately they are just as unimaginative as the Dinarri and they are
not big risk takers to boot. So advances that require a certain amount
of dangerous experimentation were somewhat retarded (i.e. flight, all
weaponry, explosives, rocketry, and especially nuclear power). That’s
not to say that the Rakarri haven’t formulated brilliant theories in
some of these areas, and may have even put together a prototype or two.
However since an accident in any of these areas can result in loss of
life and injury they haven’t developed these technologies as completely
as humans have.

Until the Dinarri arrived they had not even conceived of attempting
space travel. And since they were very hesitant of flight in general it
had not even occurred to them that they should worry about the skies
above them.

At the time of their conquest the Rakarri had achieved the rough
equivalent of TL9, in theory at least. In the area of weaponry you could
almost say that their technical expertise was non-existent. They used
knives to cut things, but that was their most advanced achievement. In
one area of science though they had achieved unprecedented
breakthroughs. That area was in the field of gravity manipulation. Their
world was the source of a rare mineral that, when aligned properly and
the right power applied, could actually manipulate gravity fields. This
allowed them to develop gravity manipulation technology much earlier
than the norm. Of course without a source of the mineral (predictably
dubbed “gravitonite”) the whole science is impossible.

### The Dinarri Empire

The fusion of the Dinarri and Rakarri tech base has produced something
like low TL9, but with many gaps. Of course the mineral gravitonite has
advanced the Empire’s gravity technology, it is well beyond what it
should be, see the special section devoted to Gravitic Technology.

One of the major gaps is in the area of weapons technology, while it is
considered to be at TL9 they do not possess any type of gun that you
would not see at TL7. Electromagnetic and beam weapons do not exist and
they show no sign of developing them anytime soon, this is probably a
result of the Rakarri’s total failure to develop advanced weapons of any
kind. They possess laser technology in other aspects of their
infrastructure, however it seems they haven’t thought to develop them
into weapons.

Also the concept of multiple barrels on a gun (i.e. a gatling style
weapon) also seems to have escaped them, as have advanced ammunition
types such as plastic-cased, caseless, liquid propellant, or
electrothermal. All their weapons still seem to use smoothbore barrels
as well, not a single instance of rifling has been found. This of course
means that their weapons tend to be less accurate than the Human
equivalent. The general poor design of their weapons essentially gives
them the “cheap” disadvantage.

Missiles are unheard of in the Dinarri’s arsenal, they just don’t seem
to see the benefits of a self propelled weapon system. All of their
munitions are delivered by cannon, they have no launchers or aerial
bombing systems, this includes their space craft.

Nuclear weapons are another oddity, the Dinarri possess them, but
without missiles or aerial bombers their options for deploying them are
limited. They are capable of launching them from cannon, but again it
either hasn’t occurred to them, or there is some technical reason they
do not use this method. Thus the only way they field nukes is to
transport them to the detonation site the hard way and then retreat to
remotely detonate them. Needless to say this is very ineffective.

There are many other examples of serious gaps in the Empires technology
that could not logically be explained by the humans. In some respects
much can be attributed to the close minded psyche of the Dinarri,
however not all of it, and humans are at a lack to explain most of the
oversights. But that is because most do not suspect the role the Rakarri
slaves play in this matter.

The Rakarri were not at all happy about being conquered, and were deeply
troubled that their research was to be used to cause pain to the galaxy
in general. They all vowed to retard the future development of the
Empire as much as possible (they are however limited by their desire not
to bring down the wrath of their masters). Although they feared that the
advances they had already made, and that the Dinarri had stolen, were
bad enough.

### The Humans

At the time that the Dinarri finally invade Earth had reached the
equivalent of low TL8 in the more technologically advanced countries,
with one exception. Development of computers had hurtled forward over
the last couple of decades and Earth had almost achieved TL9 in that
area by the time of the invasion. Once examples of the Dinarri’s
computer systems fell into the hands of human engineers they were easily
able to reverse engineer them and even improve on them with only minimal
effort.

It’s important to note however that while the Dinarri Empire was
technologically more advanced than Earth neither of the component races
making up the Empire are very imaginative. Therefore Earth possessed
devices that neither of the other races had ever imagined a need for.
Also because Human’s are more imaginative and competitive in all
pursuits, the devices that they produced tended to be more efficient
than the equivalent used by the Empire.

A prime example of this would be aircraft. While for the most part the
military aircraft of Earth were only high TL7, with the odd limited
production run of TL8 designs, their equivalents in the invading Dinarri
army were very rough TL9 designs that weren’t all that more effective in
combat. This clearly illustrated the difference between technical
superiority and design superiority, something humans had generally
treated as one and the same before the Dinarri Empire illustrated the
difference.

In addition, human firearms had a tendency to be much more reliable than
the Dinarri’s. Previously this hadn’t bothered the Dinarri, since they
vastly preferred to engage hand to hand with their opponents. However
when faced with Human weapons they often were at a severe disadvantage
in a protracted firefight where the incredibly reliable human weapons
often proved the deciding factor.

## Characters (NPC's)

## Character Creation

## Dinarri Equipment

Although the Dinarri’s equipment is technologically superior compared to
the best that Earth can offer, it is often inferior. Most electronic
equipment tends to be about the same size as the inferior gear that
Human’s carry, and while their hand weapons are a bit more powerful they
are far less reliable than an Earth equivalent.

The Dinarri’s main advantage is their capability to bombard any surface
of the planet using their ships in orbit. Given the chance the Dinarri
can call in an artillery strike for anywhere in the world in only a
matter of minutes.

### Dinarri Personal Weapons

The Empire is very set in it’s ways when it comes to weapons. Even if it
was technically possible to arm it’s troops with laser weapons there has
been much debate about whether the Dinarri would even think to do it.
They have used chemical slug throwers for so many centuries that it
seems possible that they can’t envision any other type of weapon.

The arsenal of the Dinarri warriors is rather limited, they have an
assault rifle, a heavy pistol, and a selection of vibroblades.
Apparently it never occurred to them that a grenade launcher or man
portable missile launcher would be useful. Or for that matter a man or
squad portable light or medium machine gun.

Also a rifled barrel hasn’t occurred to the Empire either, all their
projectile weapons still utilize smooth bores, which reduces the
accuracy of their weapons even further that it already is.

Every soldier seems to be armed the same, a pistol, a rifle, and a
personal choice of vibroblade.

#### The Dinarri Assault Rifle

Apparently bigger is better in the mind of a Dinarri, and this is very
well illustrated by their choice of design in an assault rifle. The
weapon is a brute (treat it as a Storm Carbine, see GURPS Ultra-Tech 2
page 50) firing 10mm rounds, and their general choice of ammunition is
Armour Piercing (AP) or Explosive (EX), sometimes they mix the two in
their clips.

The weapon isn’t as reliable or accurate, Malf is reduced to 16, and Acc
is reduced by 3.

#### The Dinarri Pistol

Equivalent to the Heavy Pistol found on page 49 of GURPS Ultra-Tech 2,
with the following alterations, reduce Malf to 16 and Acc by 3. This
weapon also fires 10mm rounds similar to the Assault Rifle above,
however ammunition is always regular kinetic rounds instead of AP or
Explosive.

#### Vibroblades

See page 24 of GURPS Ultra-Tech for complete description and rules. A
typical Dinarri soldier will generally carry a couple of knives and
probably a small sword. Officers and Overseer’s are known to carry large
two handed weapons strapped to their backs as a sign of their rank,
though they know how to use them with deadly efficiency as well.

### Dinarri Body Armour

Unlike most human combat soldiers, who eschew heavy armour in favour of
mobility to keep them alive in combat, the Dinarri place great faith in
their armour. They have to, since their combat style most closely
resembles that of 18th century Europe.

They walk boldly forward, shooting in formation at anything they deem to
be an enemy, never trying to seek cover. They seem to view shelter of
any kind to be an act of cowardice, and as the human’s have observed
they avoid cowardice at all cost.

The typical armour worn by a Dinarri soldier is often indicative of
their rank. All soldiers wear a full suit of heavy monocrys (GURPS
Ultra-Tech) and a Light Infantry Helmet (GURPS Ultra-Tech 2). Pilots and
other combat vehicle operators tend to wear full Combat Helmet’s instead
(GURPS Ultra-Tech, page 30, sidebar).

Infantry include a Light Clamshell Cuirass (GURPS Ultra-Tech 2) on top
of the monocrys and the Light Infantry Helmet. Upper echelon warriors in
the infantry have Medium Clamshell Cuirass instead, and full Combat
Helmets. Officers and Overseer’s have Heavy Clamshell Cuirass and full
Combat Helmets.

## Terran Equipment

In the categories of efficiency and effectiveness Terran equipment had a
decided advantage over the Dinarri’s, even though it was not as
technologically advanced. When combatants met in battle the Terrans
usually had the upper hand... at least until the orbital spaceships
started raining fire...

### Terran Personal Weapons

Although the human’s overall technology is severally lacking compared to
that of the Dinarri, weaponry is one area where they are almost on par.
Given that Terran weaponry also tends to be more reliable it has given
the Human’s a chance at resistance that they otherwise never would have
had.

There are rare instances of crack Majestic strike teams carrying low TL8
chemical projectile weapons (there has even been experimentation with
prototype Gyroc type weapons), but for the most part the weaponry used
to combat the Dinarri is good old TL7 firearms, although if you can get
a hold of armour piercing bullets it’s a decided plus. Heavier weapons
are more effective, but since the Dinarri aren’t very well armoured
accuracy with a light weapon can be just as effective. The Dinarri
vehicles are armoured against pretty much all small arms fire, but TL7
anti-tank weapons are effective at taking down all but the biggest
vehicle.

The most feared weapon by the Dinarri are the large calibre sniper
weapons employed by the treacherous Humans (the Barret Model 82, found
in GURPS High-Tech is an example of this). Human sharpshooters will
place themselves outside of Dinarri outposts or along supply routes and
systematically terrorize their enemies. While the casualties are never
great, the effect on morale is devastating.

Guerrilla forces are often armed with captured Dinarri weapons as well.
The humans find the reliability of them distressing though, so if they
do carry them they have generally been tweaked to fix this alarming
deficiency (increase Malf to Crit).

## Dinarri Vehicles

The vehicles used by the Dinarri are an odd lot. Conceptualized by the
Dinarri but designed and built by their Rakarri slaves. As such they
have an ‘unfinished’ look to most humans. They lack any finesse or
artistry, and they tend to lumpy inefficiency. This could hardly be
helped since the Dinarri and Rakarri have totally incompatible thought
processes and so any collaborative effort between them is doomed to be
mediocre at best.

In addition, for personal attack craft the Dinarri prefer fast and agile
vehicles that eschew armour in favour of speed. The thought of
developing something like a tank is foreign to their mentalities and the
need for such a vehicle has never arisen.

Even with these weaknesses though, the Rakarri built vehicles are much
more stable and efficient in comparison to what the Dinarri would create
all on their own. So the Dinarri are proud of their fleet of behemoths,
while the Rakarri cringe at what they have been forced to create and
dream of the days they can build more carefully.

Still, a few common design traits should be noted. The first of which is
that all Dinarri small craft are powered by energy cells for the most
part. This is probably due to the overwhelming caution of the Rakarri.
The main reason that species hadn’t achieved space flight by themselves
was that they couldn’t rationalize using combusting fuel to propel
themselves there. To them it was unthinkable to embrace the risks such a
system entailed.

In the case of the Empire’s space shuttles though, the Rakarri were
forced against there better judgement to design them with fusion
thrusters. After all, the grav drive was an even bigger risk near to a
planet so there was really no alternative.

In the case of the cruisers and mothership the Rakarri would have loved
to find a way to use some kind of safer power source than a sustained
fusion reaction, but nothing safer (such as solar power) could possibly
generate enough power, or provide the needed endurance.

## Terran Vehicles

At the time of the Invasion the nations of Earth had achieved some
remarkable things. The first ever submersible Aircraft Carrier had been
built by the U.S. Navy and was undergoing sea trials. A new breed of
fighter jet was just coming into production, it was faster and
stealthier than any previous design, and was armed with the latest in
projectile and missile weapons. And the most amazing of all was the
development and testing of prototype powered armour and robot vehicles.
Once only relegated to Japanese Anime these creations were actually
being considered as frontline weapons.

But the Invasion put a stop to such ambitious engineering masterpieces.
With the major industries of Earth under the control of the invading
Dinarri, the Terrans can mostly only use what they have and modify what
they can capture. In the area of modification though they have worked
wonders with the Dinarri’s equipment.

Most Dinarri craft are multi-role, which does give them flexibility, but
makes them only half-decent at any one task. The forces of Earth have
captured and created some effective specialty craft out of the Dinarri’s
vehicles. In addition the Human engineers tend to be more imaginative
than either of the other two races, and more willing to take risks in
the designs than the Rakarri..
