---
title: Haruchai
categories:
- GURPS
series:
- 3rd Edition
tags:
- campaign
- world
- race
---

## Human: Haruchai - 130 points

The Haruchai were a by-product of the genetic experiments that created
the Blood Royal, while not suited to rule the Haruchai were uniquely
suited to fight. So it is that they are blessed (or cursed depending on
your point of view) with being given the task of eternally defending the
Blood Royal. A unit in the Palace Guard is composed totally of Haruchai,
they are devoted to the defense of the High King and his family. They
are always present, whether they are seen or not, they are there. The
Haruchai are also known as the *Bloodguard*, and are available as
personal body guards to all high ranking Blood Royal.

The genetic structure of Haruchai is always striving for physical
perfection, while this produces exceptional specimens it has the side
affect of making genetic compatibility somewhat of a problem. The
Haruchai may only produce offspring from partnering's among their own
sub-race, and even then they are rare occurrences. Because of this their
death rate usually exceeds their birthrate, causing them to slowly die
off. The Haruchai do not participate in marriage, rather individuals are
paired by computer analysis based on the chances of them producing
offspring, after they have produced a child they are partnered with
someone else to increase the available gene-pool. The children are sent
to the Royal Academy right after birth and are trained to be the loyal
protectors of the Blood Royal.

All Bloodguard are marked by blue and red lines that run from their
temples down the side of their faces and across the arms to the palms,
unless cosmetics are used anyone who has ever heard of the Bloodguard
will recognize one of them almost instantaneously.

*Advantages and Disadvantages:* DR +4, 3 extra Hit Points, ST +3, DX +3,
HT +3, Hard to Kill ×4, Immunity to Poison, Immunity to Disease,
Recovery, Doesn't Sleep, Unfazeable, Temperature Tolerance ×1, Improved
G-Tolerance (0.5 increments), Silence ×1, Unaging, Alertness ×2, Combat
Reflexes, Danger Sense, Rapid Healing, High Pain Threshold, Strong Will
+4, Dying Race, Gigantism, Bloodlust, Fanaticism (To the Blood Royal,
Galactic Monarchy and the continuation of the Royal Bloodline),
Compulsive Behaviour (Aggression and Violence, requires a IQ or Will
roll to respond to a situation in any other way), Code of Honor, Duty
(Serve and protect the Blood Royal, and always put the needs of the
Blood Royal above your own), Compulsion (Never question the laws or
orders of the High King or the Blood Royal, in that order), Vow of
Poverty (special), No Sense of Humour, Quirk: Never fully trust someone
who is not Blood Royal or Bloodguard.

*Note:* The Haruchai can never be better than average appearance, they
also have little care or need for money or other material possessions,
they tend to live a spartan lifestyle. All Bloodguard have average
wealth, they are provided for by the High King. Most Bloodguard augment
their already impressive natural abilities with subtle cybernetic
systems, but only of the finest nature. Likewise, second-rate weapons
and armour are never tolerated if better can be reasonably obtained.
ALSO, Bloodguard can NEVER, under no circumstances, ever possess psionic
abilities, their genetic makeup and mental structures are incompatible
with Psi-power genes.

*Reputation:* +4 reaction to all Blood Royal, other Bloodguard, the
Palace Guard, and all other Royal supporters; -4 to all enemies of the
Blood Royal and the Galactic Monarchy. +2 reaction from all Kronin, but
-2 from all Gormelites. -2 from all peaceful minded races who abhor
violence, and races who are timid and easily scared. The Bloodguard's
tendency to try and intimidate all potential opponents is disconcerting
to many races.

*Code of Honor:* Uphold your duty no matter what the personal cost.
Defend the High King and Blood Royal to the death, in that order. Punish
any insult to the Blood Royal by inferiors. Once freely given, never
break your word, unless it conflicts with your duty.

*Note on Skills:* The character must put points into the following
skills: Free Fall, Running, Swimming, Throwing, Vacc Suit, Force Shield,
Force Sword, Beam Weapons (one type or more), Fast-Draw, Judo and/or
Karate and/or Brawling, Speed-Load (power cells), First Aid, Heraldry,
Law, Survival (one type or more), Tactics, Intimidation, and Stealth. If
the character does not put points into all these skills he or she must
pay a 10-point Unusual Background cost and make up a suitable
explanation of why he has not had the compulsory training.
