---
title: Enhanced Combat For Augmented Characters
categories:
- GURPS
series:
- 3rd Edition
tags:
- rules
---

Characters who have been enhanced with Cyber and/or Biowear are often
capable of super human feats in a combat situation. For that reason the
following rules have been included for characters with exceptional
abilities.

## Movement

Because of the high Move rates of augmented characters, it is
recommended that combat be resolved in order of Move rather than on an
initiative die (p. B95). While this introduces a little more
bookkeeping, it is more fair to characters who have high speeds.

## Step Maneuvers

In ordinary combat, the Step portion of a Step and (anything) maneuver
is a 1-hex move. This reduces the effectiveness of high speed, as a
character can only take a small portion of his move without losing his
active defenses.

This is perfectly acceptable for characters with low Moves, but someone
with a Move 15 should be able to cover more ground while drawing a
pistol than someone with Move 5.

## Multiple Actions

Because the main purpose of biowear is to improve the performance of the
body and mind for military purposes a common goal in most biowear is to
increase the speed and reaction time of the character. Any who has an
implant that increases his speed may gain extra actions from the
procedure.

For every *full* 6 points of Move, the character can take one additional
maneuver per turn. This does *not* speed up concentration! If a skill
requires one turn of concentration, that means one *full* turn. This
*will* allow someone with a Move of 12 to Step and Ready, then Step and
Attack in the same turn. One additional parry and block is added also.

*Example:* A character with Move 0 to 11 will have one action, parry and
block per turn; Move 12 to17 will have two actions and be able to block
and parry twice, and so on.
