---
title: Ships
bookCollapseSection: true
---
**STARSHIP CONSTRUCTION**

**Galactic Commonwealth Campaign Updates**

## Power Plant

### Capacitors (TL 12+)

A TL 12 capacitor masses 0.05 tons, takes 0.01 cy, and costs $20,000 per
MW-h, above TL 12, cost is halved.

## Maneuver Drives

At TL 12, the Reactionless Impulse Drive is introduced. It creates 50
tons of thrust per MW. For each MW consumed, the drive masses 0.5 tons,
takes 2 cy, and costs $20,000. There is no waste heat problem, but the
drive creates a fiery looking ionized gas trail when used in an
atmosphere. Impulse drives require Antimatter energy, they cannot be
operated off any other power source.

At TL 13+, the Reactionless Impulse Drive produces 100 tons of thrust
per MW. For each MW consumed, the drive masses 0.5 tons, takes 2 cy, and
costs $20,000. There is no waste heat problem and no visible drive
emissions.

## Stardrives

### Warp Drive (TL 10+)

All stats are the same as the Warp Drive found in **GURPS Space** page
84, except that the drive cannot be used in gravity fields stronger than
0.001G's. So a maneuver drive is needed to land on planets. Also the
drive is not highly controllable so minimum speed is restricted to
lightspeed.

At TL 11 mass and volume are reduced by half, and cost is divided by 10;
at TL 12+ it is obsolete.

### Hyperdrive (TL 11+)

A stats are the same as listed on **GURPS Space** page 83, except that
at TL 12 mass and space are halved, at TL 13+ the cost is reduced to 10%
of the original. Also at each Tech Level the speed of the drive
increases, see the following table.

|Tech Level|Speed (Parsecs/hour)|\* Hyperspace Speed Factor (HF)|
|---|---|---|
|11| 4| 2|
|12| 8| 3|
|13| 16| 4|
|14| 32| 5|
|15| 64| 6|
|16| 128| 7|
||256| 8|
||512| 9|

\*Note: By doubling the cost, size, and mass the Hyperspace Speed Factor
can be increased by 1. Power cost to skip doesn't change but the power
requirement to maintain a ship in hyperspace doubles for every HF
increase.

The maximum speed possible for a hyperdrive is 512 parsecs per hour or
an HF of 9, and they will not function in a gravity field stronger than
0.001 G's. Hyperdrives require a special crystal known as deutronium to
operate, over time the crystal deteriates and needs to be replaced.
Synthetic deutronium can be produced by man, but it is not as efficient,
reduce hyperspace speed by 10%. Natural formations of this crystal are
much better, so it is better to mine it than produce it.

### Jumpgates or Stargates (TL 13+)

At TL 13, jumpgate technology is acquired from the Traders. While still
expensive and bulky there is hope that the jump drive will replace the
hyperdrive and allow for faster transportation. At this time only the
construction of giant stargates or jumpgates is possible. The stargate
is a giant tube like structure that can warp space and connect with
another stargate system. Only the sending station needs to use large
quantities of power, the receiving station only needs to use a few
hundred MW's to establish the connection. A stargate generator costs
$70,000, masses 2 tons and takes 8 cy per 500 tons of ship to transmit
(with a minimum of 2000 tons, 8000 cy and $70,000,000), this makes
stargates very expense and only useful for larger ships. A stargate
requires 2 MW-h of energy per ton of ship transmitted, the receiving
station only needs to expend 0.01 MW per ton of ship received. When
transmitting or receiving a stargate needs to maintain a relatively
stationary position. Also, like hyperdrives, a stargate cannot operate
in a gravity field stronger than 0.001 G's. Before transmitting a ship
the two stargates must send a carrier signal to each other, the cost of
the stargate generator includes the cost of a Subspace Signal Jump
System, thus stargates can operate as limited Signal Jump Stations. At
TL 14 mass and volume are halved, at TL 15 cost is divided by 10.

### Jump Drives (TL 14+)

Same as the jumpgate, except that it is ship mounted and transmits the
ship without the need for a reception station. A jump generator masses 2
tons, takes 8 cy, and costs $70,000. A ship requires one jump drive
generator for each 500 tons of its total mass.

A jump drive requires energy only when it initiates the jump. Energy
requirement for intiating a jump is 1 MW-h per ton of ship mass, travel
time is instantaneous so additional energy is not required.

At TL 15 mass and volume are halved, at TL 16 cost and power
requirements are divided by 10.

### Inertialess Drive (TL 14+)

Based on Warp Drive technology, the inertialess drive is highly
controllable and will work in any gravity field. Although not as fast as
the hyperdrive or jump drive it is ideal for a secondary drive system.
Because of these factors it is the chosen replacement for the
reactionless impulse drive. It is smaller than the reactionless drive,
provides secondary FTL drive capability, and the way it works renders
grav compentsators obsolete.

The Inertialess drive projects an energy field around the ship that
negate the inertial mass of the ship, the ship's maximum speed is now
limited only by the strength of her engines and the resistance due to
density of interstellar gas. The ship can instantly stop or change its
direction of motion -- it can "turn on a dime", and is immune to
collision (it merely stops at the collision point, unhurt). The field
also cancels all affects of acceleration that the ship may experrience.

The stats for the drive are the same as the Warp Drive on page 84 of
**GURPS Space**, except that the mass and volume are reduced by half,
and the cost is divided by 10. At TL 15+ WTF produced by the engines are
doubled.

## Life Support

At TL 11 reduce mass, size and cost of lifesystems by half, power
consumption remains the same. At TL 13+ halve the mass, size, and cost
again as well as halving the power requirements. At TL 13 it is also
possible to have a micronized FULL lifesystem, halve the mass and size
but multiply the cost by 5 and double the power requirements.

## Weapons

| ***Tech Level 10*** | Cost | Mass | Volume | FP  | Power |
|---------------------|------|------|--------|-----|-------|
| Gatling Laser       | 60   | 2    | 2      | 20  | 20    |

| ***Tech Level 13***       | Cost | Mass | Volume | FP   | Power |
|---------------------------|------|------|--------|------|-------|
| Light Anti-Particle Beam  | 80   | 20   | 8      | 400  | 100   |
| Medium Anti-Particle Beam | 160  | 38   | 18     | 800  | 200   |
| Heavy Anti-Particle Beam  | 320  | 70   | 30     | 1600 | 400   |
| Light Phaser              | 200  | 50   | 20     | 1000 | 200   |
| Heavy Phaser              | 400  | 90   | 35     | 2000 | 400   |
| Gatling Phaser            | 80   | 25   | 8      | 500  | 100   |

At TL 13, antimatter missiles have the same cost, mass and volume as for
TL 12, but Firepower is doubled.

TL 12 beams and railguns have the same cost, mass and volume as TL 12,
but Firepower is doubled.

## Sensors and Communications

### Sensor Suite

At TL 13+ micronized sensor suites are available, cost is $250,000, 1
cy, 1 ton, and only requires 0.5 MW of power. For double standard sensor
range double the cost, mass, size, and power; for triple standard sensor
range quadruple; multiply by 8 for quadruple range, and so on.

### Slow FTL Radio (TL 11+)

Available at TL 11, using hyperspace technology the signal can be beamed
to the destination with only a slight lag-time. FTL radio will only work
if both sender and receiver are in normal space and neither are using
force shields. The signal travels at 1 parsec per minute, maximum range
is 50 parsecs +5 for each TL above 11. Relay stations can be used to
infinitely increase the range. Costs $200,000, 5 tons, 5 cy, and 5 MW to
operate.

### Fast FTL Radio (TL 12+)

Available at TL 12, same stats and cost as above except that the signal
travels at 55 parsecs per second. The maximum range is 500 parsecs +100
at TL 13. As above, relay stations can be used to increase range. Cost,
mass, size, and power requirements of a slow FTL radio are halved at TL
12 and divided by 10 at TL 13.

At TL 13, micronized FTL radios are available, they cost 10 times as
much but take up half the space and mass, power remains the same. At TL
14 range is increased by a factor of 20, all other stats remain the
same.

### FTL Subspace Signal Jump Systems (TL 13+)

At TL 13, the lag-time of FTL radios can be further decreased by the use
of Signal Jumping Stations. These are FTL relay stations scattered
throughout inhabited space, that use jumpgate technology to punch
signals through to other relay stations. In this manner signals can be
transmitted almost instantaneously between relay stations. Lag-time is
only calculated from the ship to the receiving relay and then from the
corresponding relay and the target. This technology cannot be
incorporated into ships because the relay stations need to stay in
constant contact with each other to feed transmission targeting
corrections to each other, and this can only be accomplished from
stationary positions.

## Ship Accessories

### Self-Regenerating Systems

The ship is constructed of Living Metal, which allow it to repair itself
and actually regrow destroyed parts, given enough raw material. Simple
changes can also be done to the ship by reprogramming its repair
circuits. With this system the ship does not need a space dock to repair
heavy damage after a battle, all it needs are extra material. Battle
debris from other ships makes perfect repair material, therefore it is
possible to gain use from a defeated enemies burned-out hulk of a ship.

This system adds +100% to the cost of the ship, plus 2% of its volume is
used up, and half of that in mass. This accounts for the collection and
distribution conduits. Raw material can also be stored in the cargo bay
or specially set aside for this purpose.
