---
title: Genetic Engineering
---
**GENETIC ENGINEERING**

At some point in the future man will become impatient at the rate at
which nature has deemed that he will evolve. At this point he will take
matters into his own hands and use scientific methods to accelerate
evolution. At tech level 8 cloning is a reality, and limited genetic
engineering is possible. At higher tech levels it is possible to
engineer more advanced super-humans with more unusual abilities. The
following section outlines how to create a genetically engineered human
being, the character will superficially look like a normal human, but
his internal workings maybe completely different. To create genetically
altered beings that don't resemble human beings see ***GURPS Aliens***.

**Attribute Modifications**

Some humans may be genetically altered to have a higher or lower
attribute score than is normal, this can be accomplished at TL8+.
Attribute bonuses are paid for according to the table on p. B13, with a
-1 to IQ costing -10, a +3 to ST costing +30, and a +4 to HT costing 45.
When raising or lowering characteristics, the character pays based on
his attribute score before the racial bonus is applied. For example, a
character pays to be part of a sub-race with +3 HT and wants a final HT
of 16. He would first pay 30 points to buy up his health to 13, then add
the racial bonus of +3. If later he wanted to use accumulated character
points to increase his health still further, he would pay 30 more points
(twice the difference between 13 -- his HT without the racial modifier
-- and 14) to increase his HT to 17. See B81.

**New Engineered Advantages**

The following are advantages that can be used to create genetically
altered super-humans. Many of the following advantages were adapted from
the metahuman powers ***GURPS Supers*** and the racial advantages in
***GURPS Aliens***.

***Amphibious*** ***20 points***

The character is equally at home on land and in the water. Amphibians
automatically have the Swimming skill (p. B49) at their normal Move
rate. Usually, this will mean they will have both true lungs and gills
(below).

***Catfall*** ***30 points***

***Damage Resistance*** ***5 points/level***

***Decreased Life Support*** ***10 points***

***Early Maturation*** ***10 points/level***

***Enhanced Move*** ***10 points/level***

***Extended Lifespan*** ***25 points/level***

***Extra Fatigue*** ***5/point***

***Extra Hit Points*** ***8/point***

***Field Sense*** ***10 points***

***Full Coordination*** ***50 points/attack***

***Gills*** ***0 points***

***Hard to Kill*** ***5 points/level***

***Immunity to Poison*** ***25 points***

***Increased Speed*** ***25 points/level***

***Increased Strength*** ***50 points/level***

***Infravision*** ***15 points***

***Manual Dexterity*** ***10 points/level***

***Metabolism Control*** ***5 points/level***

***Mimicry*** ***15 points***

***Nictating Membrane*** ***15 points/level***

***Passive Defense*** ***25 points/level up to 6***

***Perfect Balance*** ***25 points***

***Poloarized Eyes*** ***5 points***

***Recovery*** ***10 points***

***Reduced Sleep*** ***15 points***

***Regeneration*** ***10/25/50/100 points***

***Regrowth*** ***40 points***

***Sensitive Touch*** ***15 points***

***Silence*** ***5 points/level***

***Sonar Vision*** ***0/25 points***

***Temperature Tolerance*** ***10 points/level***

***Ultrasonic Hearing*** ***10 points***

***Unaging*** ***60 points***

***Universal Digestion*** ***15 points***

***Venom*** ***15 points/level***
