**New Cyberware**

## TL 15 Neural Computer Implant

This device is a very complex brain implant that consists of a special
type of Artificial Intelligence Computer Implant, excepth that the
computers personality is actually an extension of the characters. The
computer is wired directly into the characters cerebral cortex, sensory
organs, nervous system, reflexes and all other major functions of the
body. Through this symbiosis the characters IQ is increased, as well
through the regulation of body chemicals and hormones the characters ST
and HT are increased. The computer also stimulates the motor control and
other areas of the brain to provide other physical and mental
enhancements.

**Computer Type:** Complexity 8 optical psionic symbiotic neural
computer implant

**Psionic Powers:** Astral Projection \[15\], Electrokinesis \[15\], ESP
\[15\], Healing \[15\], Psychic Vampirism \[15\], Psychokinesis \[15\],
TelepathyÂ \[15\], and Teleportation \[15\].

**Psionic Enhancements:** Teleport: you can memorize and use any
location you ever visited, with no limit on numbers of locations;

**Psionic Skill Programs:** All skills for powers listed above. All
programs are Complexity 6 and Skill 20.

**External Ports:** AA cell socket, skull socket for inserting standard
program disks, and quad-bank computer external interface jacks.

**Hardwired Computer Programs:** Datalink, Optical Recognition, and all
programs that monitor and control the enhancements to the characters
body and mind.

**Computer Programs:** Gunner(4)-19, Piloting\[surface vehicles/slow
contragrav\](3)-21, Piloting\[aircraft/fast grav
vehicles/spacecraft\](4)-21, Targeting(1), Translation(6)VH-12, plus any
other programs purchased by the character.

**Abilities:** Incapacity Override, Amp Circuit, Ambidexterity, Combat
Reflexes, Common Sense, High Pain Threshold, Absolute Timing, Eidetic
Memory -- Photographic, Mathematical Ability, Remote Datalink,
Biomonitor, Pain Override, and Strong Will +5.

**Hardwired Skills:** Skills can be hardwired into the system at
construction, use the rules for skill and reflex chips.

**Skills:** The computer can access and use all skills known by the
character, other skills can be added through the use of Chip Slots,
Skill Chips, and Reflex Chips.

**Other Character Bonuses:** +2 to IQ (or raise to 16, whichever is
higher), +1 to DX, HT, ST, and Spd. Also, the characters motor control
skills are increased and more accurate, giving him extra attacks when
using his combat skills. The character gets one attack for every eight
full levels of skill; thus the character would get two attacks per round
at level 16 and three at level 24. If applicable, with each extra attack
comes an extra parry. Maximum number of attacks allowed with beam
weapons and guns is equal to the RoF of the weapon. *Example:* the
character is using a Military Graser Rifle (RoF of 8) with a skill of
18. Therefore he could make two single shot attacks or, using the
"Counting Shots" rule (p. B119), the character could make two 4 round
burst attacks.

**Cost:** $10 Million!

**Character Point Cost:** 800 (minus the point cost of any advantages
already possessed by the character, plus the point cost of any skills
hardwired into the computer by the character. Point cost can be reduced
by removing some of the abilities.)
